Targets transition mega PR (#2)
USGS-R/ds-pipelines-targets-2-course: responses/30-target-kinds.md

### Targets

"Targets" are the main things that the `targets` package interacts with (if the name hadn't already implied that :zany_face:). They represent things that are made (they're also the vertices of the [dependency graph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_graph)). If you want to make a plot called `plot.pdf`, then that's a target. If you depend on a dataset called `data.csv`, that's a target (even if it already exists).

In `targets`, there are two main types:

> * **files**: These are the targets that need to have `format = "file"` added as an argument to `tar_target()` and their command must return the filepath(s). We have learned that file targets can be single files, a vector of filepaths, or a directory. USGS Data Science workflows name file targets using their base name and their file extension, e.g. the target for `"1_fetch/out/data.csv"` would be `"data_csv"`. If the file name is really long, you can always simplify it for the target name but it is important to include `_[extension]` as a suffix. Additionally, USGS Data Science pipelines include the filenames created by file targets as typed-out arguments in the target recipe, or in a comment in the target definition. This practice makes it obvious what file is created from building the target because it is not buried inside of the function code. 

Reviewer: What should we recommend as an extension (if any) for directory targets? Maybe `[dirname]_dir`?

Also:
```suggestion
* **files**: These are the targets that need to have `format = "file"` added as an argument to `tar_target()` and their command must return the filepath(s). We have learned that file targets can be single files, a vector of filepaths, or a directory. USGS Data Science workflows name file targets using their base name and their file extension, e.g. the target for `"1_fetch/out/data.csv"` would be `"data_csv"`. If the file name is really long, you can always simplify it for the target name but it is important to include `_[extension]` as a suffix. Additionally, USGS Data Science pipelines include the filenames created by file targets as typed-out arguments in the target recipe, or in a comment in the target definition. This practice ensures that you and your colleagues will only have to read the makefile, not the function code, to learn what file is being created. 
```

> * **objects**: These are R objects that represent intermediate objects in an analysis. However, these objects are transparently stored to disk so that they persist across R sesssions. Unlike actual R objects though they won't appear in your workspace and a little extra work is required to get at them (run `tar_load(target_name)`). The default is for `targets` to store these as `.RDS` files. There are other formats that can be used to store the intermediate objects but they are beyond the scope of this course.

Reviewer: transparently in what sense?

```suggestion
* **objects**: These are R objects that represent intermediate objects in an analysis. Behind the scenes, these objects are stored to disk so that they persist across R sessions. And unlike typical R objects, they do not exist in your workspace unless you explicitly load them (run `tar_load(target_name)`).
```
Saving the details for 31-object-targets.md
